[en] Update outdated update-readme-doc (#39678)
kubernetes/website: README.md

## Building the API reference pages

> The API reference pages located in `content/en/docs/reference/kubernetes-api` are built from the Swagger specification, also known as OpenAPI specification, using <https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/reference-docs/tree/master/gen-resourcesdocs>.

Reviewer: Great job!

> The API reference pages located in `content/en/docs/reference/kubernetes-api` are built from the Swagger specification (currently known as OpenAPI specification), using <https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/reference-docs/tree/master/gen-resourcesdocs>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API reference pages located in `content/en/docs/reference/kubernetes-api` are built from the Swagger specification, also known as OpenAPI specification that is using <https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/reference-docs/tree/master/gen-resourcesdocs>.
```

> The API reference pages located in `content/en/docs/reference/kubernetes-api` are built from the Swagger specification, also known as OpenAPI specification that is using <https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/reference-docs/tree/master/gen-resourcesdocs>.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The API reference pages located in `content/en/docs/reference/kubernetes-api` are built from the Swagger specification, also known as OpenAPI specification, using <https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/reference-docs/tree/master/gen-resourcesdocs>.
```
